I've never written a single line of code
before in my life. I literally had to
Google how do I open terminal on Mac. My
first reaction when we launched Claude
Code was I have zero idea what this
product is for. It just didn't really
click in my mind.
Some of the channels I work on include
paid social but also the app store which
involve visual creatives within Figma
that our design team will help me build.
But when it comes to creating multiple
different variations, the usual process
is I'll go into Figma, I'll take the
existing frame, I'll copy and paste it a
couple times, then I'll open up my
Google doc, copy and paste the headline
variations, and back and forth. Now,
this process can get very, very
repetitive when you're trying to do this
across 10 different variations, across
five different aspect ratios, and all
that time adds up very, very quickly.
So, I basically turned to Claude Code to
help me create a Figma plugin where all
I would have to do is copy and paste
just once all the different variations
and copy that I wanted to update.
So, now let's switch gears to the Figma
plugin that I built. In this project
file, I have an example static image
that I want to update the headlines for.
The first thing I'll do is I'll select
the frame and then I'll open up the
Figma plugin that I previously created
with Claude Code. I'll hit identify
template components and you'll be able
to see that the template is identified
with the different portions of our frame
including the headline CTA and then the
code block. In this case, we'll just
want to update the headlines. So, I'll
leave that checked. I'll switch screens
over to the list of headlines that I
previously created. I'll copy it once,
go back to Figma, and then I'll paste in
all the headlines in my Figma plugin.
And as soon as I hit generate ad
variants, it'll generate all the
different variations of my copy for me,
each in its own individual frame. Now,
this previously would have taken me
maybe 30 minutes to repeat this process
one by one across all the different ad
specs that we had. But thanks to this
Figma plugin, we're able to do this
process in around 30 seconds.
My advice would be if you want to try
out a tool like cloud code is to just
think through what are the areas of your
work that you've identified that are
either repetitive or you think could
automate and just start with a very very
small and easy thing. You don't need to
know how to code. All you need to know
is to how to explain your challenge and
what you're trying to solve for in a
very clear and concise manner. So the
gap between I wish this existed and wow,
I can actually build this myself is
actually much smaller than people
realize.